README.md, before:

<div style="text-align:center;"><img src="./assets/logos/logo.png" alt="Texto alternativo"></div>

# SpeakEasy

Do you want to practice a language? Interact with people from all over the world and learn about their culture?
SpeakEasy is a mobile app where users can connect with native speakers from other countries for the purpose of learning and practicing a new language.

## Views

### Intro 

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/landing.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

### Connect 

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/connect.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

## Profile

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/profile.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

## Chat


<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/chat.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

## Chating

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/one_chat.png" alt="Texto alternativo">


## OnBoarding

| <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/onboarding1.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/onboarding2.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/onboarding3.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> |

## Register 

| <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register2.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register3.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register4.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register5.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> |
## Get Started 🚀

- Clone project
- Configure Firebase stuff (google-services.json and Google-Service.info.plist files)
- Configure your [StreamChat](https://getstream.io/chat/) project

## Features 

- Login and password recovery using Firebase Auth
- Upload pictures using Firebase Storage
- Realtime chat using StreamChat package


## Design

- [Link to Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/hKVw37DvsOzj0qgF8uplYK/APP-NO-COUNTRY?node-id=0%3A1)

<img width="100%"  src="./assets/readme/cap-figma.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> 


## Deploy 📦

- [Android Apk Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15Ylc4zan_U9Eowa9kYtmCyU-WMm9tGbF/view?usp=share_link)

## Demo 📽️

- [Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12XBoAYoOBob9NPuHViQUbrVK7niX9a9o/view?usp=share_link)
## Builded with 🛠️


* [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) - Framework
* [Dart](https://dart.dev/) - Programming Language
* [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/?hl=es) - Database & Authentication

## Versioning 📌

- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
## Creators ✒️
#### Group: c9-49-m-flutter


* **Julieta Castro** - *UX/UI Designer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/julieta-castro-681a621b4"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Natalia Pedraza** - *QA Tester* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/natalia-pedraza"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Tomas Salina** - *Full Stack Developer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/salinatomass"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Agustin Nazer** - *Full Stack Developer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/agustínnazer"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Raúl Ereño** - *Full Stack Developer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/raulereno/"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>

Commit message:

add testing in readme.md

README.md, after:

<div style="text-align:center;"><img src="./assets/logos/logo.png" alt="Texto alternativo"></div>

# SpeakEasy

Do you want to practice a language? Interact with people from all over the world and learn about their culture?
SpeakEasy is a mobile app where users can connect with native speakers from other countries for the purpose of learning and practicing a new language.

## Views

### Intro 

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/landing.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

### Connect 

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/connect.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

## Profile

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/profile.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

## Chat


<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/chat.png" alt="Texto alternativo">

## Chating

<img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/one_chat.png" alt="Texto alternativo">


## OnBoarding

| <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/onboarding1.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/onboarding2.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/onboarding3.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> |

## Register 

| <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register2.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register3.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register4.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> | <img width="200"  src="./assets/readme/register5.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> |
## Get Started 🚀

- Clone project
- Configure Firebase stuff (google-services.json and Google-Service.info.plist files)
- Configure your [StreamChat](https://getstream.io/chat/) project

## Features 

- Login and password recovery using Firebase Auth
- Upload pictures using Firebase Storage
- Realtime chat using StreamChat package


## Design

- [Link to Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/hKVw37DvsOzj0qgF8uplYK/APP-NO-COUNTRY?node-id=0%3A1)

<img width="100%"  src="./assets/readme/cap-figma.png" alt="Texto alternativo"> 

## Testing 
Name: Natalia Pedraza

Role: QA Analyst

#### Tools: 
- Trello (user stories and daily activity) 
- Excel (test matrix with functional and non-functional test cases and daily progress in charts)
- Jira (tracking and closure of issues). 
#### In addition to that, design of two evidence PDFs: 
1. Evidence of test cases that were executed successfully
2. Evidence of tests that did not execute successfully and were reported as issues.
## Deploy 📦

- [Android Apk Link](https://drive.google.com/file/d/15Ylc4zan_U9Eowa9kYtmCyU-WMm9tGbF/view?usp=share_link)

## Demo 📽️

- [Video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/12XBoAYoOBob9NPuHViQUbrVK7niX9a9o/view?usp=share_link)
## Builded with 🛠️


* [Flutter](https://flutter.dev/) - Framework
* [Dart](https://dart.dev/) - Programming Language
* [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/?hl=es) - Database & Authentication

## Versioning 📌

- [GitHub](https://github.com/)
## Creators ✒️
#### Group: c9-49-m-flutter


* **Julieta Castro** - *UX/UI Designer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/julieta-castro-681a621b4"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Natalia Pedraza** - *QA Tester* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/natalia-pedraza"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Tomas Salina** - *Full Stack Developer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/salinatomass"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Agustin Nazer** - *Full Stack Developer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/agustínnazer"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>


* **Raúl Ereño** - *Full Stack Developer* - <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/raulereno/"> <img src="https://cdn-icons-png.flaticon.com/512/174/174857.png" width="15"/> </a>
